c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\CodeGenerator.exe.config
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\CodeGenerator.exe
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\CodeGenerator.pdb
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\ConnectionString.g.cs
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\ConnectionString.baml
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.g.resources
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.exe
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.pdb
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\info.mdf
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\info_log.ldf
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\teddy-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeGenerator\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator_Content.g.cs
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\bin\Debug\CodeGenerator.exe.config
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.exe
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.pdb
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\bin\Debug\info.mdf
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\bin\Debug\info_log.ldf
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\bin\Debug\CodeGenerator.exe
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\bin\Debug\CodeGenerator.pdb
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\ConnectionString.g.cs
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator_Content.g.cs
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\ConnectionString.baml
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.g.resources
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Work\apps\CodeGenerator-master\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\CodeGenerator.exe.config
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.exe
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.pdb
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\info.mdf
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\info_log.ldf
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\CodeGenerator.exe
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\CodeGenerator.pdb
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\ConnectionString.g.cs
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator_Content.g.cs
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\ConnectionString.baml
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.g.resources
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\obj\Debug\CodeGenerator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Repos\CodeGenerator\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
